i always told you
that my family wasn't in the war
it's not true what are you talking about
we were sleeping when some german
soldiers found us
they did horrible things to the women
worse than you can imagine
what's the likelihood that a guy that
attacked you halfway around the world
15 years ago he ends up two blocks away
the louise he's in the trunk
of our car
why are you doing this you don't
remember me your name is
carl i don't know who you're confusing
me with but i'm not here
i remember your whistle you woke us up
you hit me
i was never in the war do you even look
the same to you
yes his eyes i will never forget those
eyes i'm not driving a swiss
i have documents to prove it we need to
be certain
i am certain i need to be certain too
victims of trauma sometimes remember the
smallest details perfectly
other times they become confused
we have to release it you don't believe
me
what do you want
i want him to confess
we're gonna get caught
why are you taking care of him he's
right you must know something
i'm not the man you think i have no more
lies
we have to put an end to this there's
so much that i don't know about thomas
you